All right welcome back my students so I decided to actually show you how to do this little slide down
type of effect with Jake wherever you are right.
So first of all we got to get on top of the year.
All right let's go and try to build something here.
All right.
So let's go we're we have the nested right here.
OK so we got that nested function right here which should have school a little bit that way
.
All right.
So we got to think about it and really think about it.
All right so we have the form here and it will be nice to have a container that we actually cover this
whole thing.
Actually we can have something that will take over
this let's just make a day here with a comment or reply container or something like that.
And that's how we're going to wrap everything around.
All right there we go.
All right.
And then say here I want to also have a button to use in javascript.
Let's give it a class let's give it Tuggle reply and then BTA and another class VTAM primary
and we're going to take it to the right.
So we have the pool right.
All right cool reply Let's check it out.
Well there we go.
So we got this reply but there is not doing much right now.
Would be nice if we hook ups and javascript to it.
So right below here we could create a section for javascript.
We already have Jake where we included here so we can use that.
Let me actually look to see layouts.
Let's go to out real quick and it's blog post.
Do we have javascript would do with javascript we are now yielding anything.
So less yield.
Excuse me.
We can do scripts.
So here we can see a section for scripts
can stop you right here.
All right.
Cool.
So now let's build some type of event here in javascript so that where we can hook this up we can detect
it by an event.
So we got this use javascript here and
reply container I believe was the one here.
Yeah actually it's common.
Yeah.
This is the container but this is the button right here so it's toggle reply.
All right.
But the problem is that this has a name that I don't like.
Come and reply container.
All right so that's OK.
And then we're going to find the
Tobel reply.
That's OK.
We could just find the toggle reply and say what I like to actually link have a little ness here.
That's just my preference guys would like it I regularly to toggle reply.
We can do a click event here on click if you want but that's the way I like to keep it.
All right.
Bring it down.
And we're going to say this and
I mean you see we got to see how many does this thing is.
So this we go to the next nets div which is common nested comment
.
Let's actually put this
Let's just do it right here.
Actually
we got the container we got the tile will reply right here.
All right.
So we got those two things and we could do another here which would be comment reply and this one is
the one that we got a high and then show that's we that's how we're going to do it.
So
I know this seems a little confusing guys but follow me here OK.
So on this guy right here.
All right we are wrapping the button.
We're wrapping.
This guy that has deforming psi.
All right.
So now let's look at it real quick to see how that looks.
If we didn't make any mistakes Well this reply is there now
but we have to high that that's high this guy comment.
Let's go to this yes.
Yes.
And this play on
we've got to play around with a little bit.
So that way
that way we can show and explain what we wanted to.
So right now it's still ok it's not there.
Their form is not there but you can see you can see the replies but you don't see the form and that's
what we want.
We want to click here and then see the form.
All right.
So we're getting there
.
All right.
So here we get it.
I'm trying to calculate here after this container we got the button here and actually high the next
one.
OK.
So that's how I want it.
All right because that way we don't have to actually go crazy trying to find it in the dorm.
So that's and then we can say sly.
And thanks BHB store for helping me.
And we're going to say slow if I remember correctly and we can pass some type of callback function here
if we want to.
What I'm not going to do that with the way it is let's check it out real quick Wolf.
Well there we go.
All right you might want to FaceTime or type of in another container or something right.
That's cosmetic that's just because we probably have it in.
We need to align it somewhere.
All right but we've got that working.
It's and it's a little bit more adjustment now right.
But we got it working.
Anyway thank you so much for watching this and I'll see you in the next lecture.